Let's get started with the projection.
So for that, we need to have an interface.
So let's created where inside the same package that we have over ended glasses audit some package.
So this is the thing, okay?
You need to keep in mind when you are working with projects that you need to create the projections
inside the same package that you have your entity.
Glasses audit some packages that only it will work.
Otherwise, it will not work.
Springwood will scan your entity glass package and its sub packages for the projection.
OK.
So to save the time, I'm not creating another package.
So I'm creating what here, OK?
The same package is over and he declares, Let's clear the interface.
Give it name is first projection.
The first thing is we need to mark this as a projection.
This is from the spring guitarist in the narration.
See now let's say this project Sonny's bought our student AIBA's, OK, so that we need to provide using
that type attribute.
So for a student which is of an entity, class student or class, right, so that we need to provide
like this inside the tapes, let's give a name to this projection using the name attribute name equal
to say, for example, first projects and.
Now, let's see under these projects, and we want to expose only to films Edy animal idea of this.
OK, so this is of an entity class.
This is the get method right for the ideal.
So copy methods signature and provide like this.
You can type manually as well, OK for melody.
Sting, get e-mail my bed.
Good email.
We just need to provide the method signature, OK, not the body.
That's it.
This is our first projects and let's help another projects and OK.
And in that we will expose to Phil's I.D. and first name of the student.
OK?
So let me copy this and give it name is second projection.
So this is second projection.
Open it.
In the name or here, second prediction, I'd in first name.
OK.
First thing.
That's it.
So in the first projects in which two build, we are exposing and immolating of this.
And in the second projection, IDI and firstname of this region.
So now we have to project sons.
So in the next victim will test it out.
That's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.